refactor(pie-docs): DSW-2324 update the tag overview docs (#2067)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/components/tag/overview/overview.md

    dont: {
        type: usageTypes.text,
        items: [
            "Don’t use for interactions crucial for the flow.",

>             "If only an icon is required to convey the message, use the tag: icon only component instead."

Reviewer: If this makes sense to design then no issues - but I don't really understand the wording here. Is it a figma option?

Author: Currently, when we support this in engineering, it will link to another page.

from the ticket -> 

> Note: the don’ts section has a link to icon only documentation. This will be implemented in DSW-2550 so for now just ignore adding the link.

{% contentPageImage {
    src:"../../../assets/img/components/tag/anatomy.svg",
    alt: "Anatomy of a tag.",
    width: 169
} %}

{% list {
    type: listTypes.ordered,
    items: [
        "**Icon (Optional):** Visually supports the label.",

>         "**Label:** Provides informative information to the user.",

Reviewer: I can feel Xander disapproving of this wording across the planet - I think "informative information" might be redundant. Could we remove "informative" please?
```suggestion
        "**Label:** Provides information to the user.",
```

Author: done

>         "**Trailing icon (Optional):** Indicates additional actions or further interactions."

Reviewer: Just to check we haven't missed a requirement here - does the trailing icon emit a different event to the leading?

    ]
} %}

---

## Variations

### Non-interactive 

> The non-interactive variation should be used by default, and should be used when the tag doesn’t require any interactive features tied to the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The non-interactive variation should be used by default, and should be used when the tag doesn’t require any interactivity.
```

Author: done

{% contentLayout %}
  {% contentItem %}
    <h4>Leading</h4>
    <p>Leading icon provides context and visually supports the label and it is available for both variants.</p>
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/tag/modifier-icon-leading.svg",
      width: "69px",
      alt: "A tag component with a leading icon and a label text"
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
  {% contentItem %}
    <h4>Trailing</h4>
    <p>Trailing icon offers additional actions or indicates further interactions, for this reason it is only available in the interactive set.</p>
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/tag/modifier-icon-trailing.svg",
      width: "69px",
      alt: "A tag component with a trailing icon and a label text"
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
{% endcontentLayout %}

### Emphasis

Depending on the level of visual prominence you want to give to the tag, you can choose between strong or subtle emphasis.

{% contentLayout %}
  {% contentItem %}
    <h4>Strong</h4>
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/tag/modifier-emphasis-strong.svg",
      width: "69px",

>       alt: "A tag component with the strong modifier to indicate emphasis"

Reviewer: I don't know if this is very useful alt text. Should it describe the image a bit more?

  {% endcontentItem %}
  {% contentItem %}
    <h3>Hover</h3>
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/tag/state-hover.svg",
      width: "70px",
      alt: "Hover state of a tag."
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
  {% contentItem %}
    <h3>Active</h3>
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/tag/state-active.svg",
      width: "70px",
      alt: "Active state of a tag."
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
  {% contentItem %}
    <h3>Focus</h3>
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/tag/state-focus.svg",
      width: "78px",
      alt: "Focus state of a tag."
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
  {% contentItem %}
    <h3>Disabled</h3>
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/tag/state-disabled.svg",
      width: "70px",
      alt: "Disabled state of a tag."
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
{% endcontentLayout %}

---

## Examples

### LTR examples

Here are some examples of tags in left-to-right context:

{% contentLayout %}
  {% contentItem %}
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/tag/example-ltr-restaurant-listing.svg",
      width: "343px",

>       alt: "A left-to-right example of a tag used on a restaurant listing card."

Reviewer: I think we need proper descriptions here and the image below
